# Coursera_Capstone
Capstone Project - Coursera IBM Data Science Certification

Moving abroad and choosing a new city to live in is not easy. To reduce the number of possibilities, one can look at the sister cities of his/her current city. Sister cities are cities that establish a bond of cooperation on many factors like culture, health, education, transport, and economic development. Often the cities are located in different countries, developing a paradiplomacy relation, a relationship that does not depend on federal governments (which is what designates diplomacy). Typically, to become sisters two cities need to have similar features like the number of residents, historical facts, or economic sector.  Thus, moving to a sister city can be easier, since they share some features and have political facilitators.
  
Different factors like cultural life, attractions, language, climate, jog market, and life cost can impact the life experience in the new city. This study aims to be a tool for the process of finding a new place (city and neighborhood) to live, taking into consideration all those factors. The idea is to analyze, compare, and segment the sister cities given some living parameters (Cost of living, Rent, Property Price, Crime, Health Care, Pollution, Traffic, and Climate). With the cities separated into groups defined according to relevant factors that influence the life experience, one can easily decide which one to move in.
  
After the most proper city being chosen, it is time to select its more suitable neighborhood. In this process, all the neighborhoods of the city are compared and segmented according to their most popular venues (restaurants, bars, museums, parks, beach, cinema, etc), allowing the characterization of each group. Finally, information about safety per neighborhood is used to generate the final decision of which place to live in. To illustrate this whole process, the Brazilian city of Recife is chosen as the hometown and start point of the analysis described.
